good evening the weather bureau is
warning Adelaide residents to brace for
heavy rains and strong winds with wild
weather set to hit the state tomorrow
Virginia langa burg is at Peter head
which bore the brunt of heavy downpours
earlier this year
Virginia how much rain is expected okay
we're expecting anywhere up to 60
millimeters for most of the state
including the metro area but for other
parts including the Flinders they could
get up to a hundred millimeters hitting
tomorrow afternoon now already parts of
Galler East have been hit by rain and
residents there have experienced some
minor flooding with some of the rain
seeping through a children's rumpus room
at this home but for the residents here
at Peter head it is not good news the
forecast tomorrow the last time we had
big rain was back in mid-february and 16
homes here were left inundated by
floodwaters residents now fear a repeat
because they say not much has changed
since the last time and it could just
easily happen again preparing for
another deluge Peter head residents
brace for the worst I'm very worried
that it's going to overflow again
basically every time it rains now
everybody's worried I'm hopefully that
it won't affect us heavy rain and
possible thunderstorms are expected to
lash the metro area late tomorrow with
up to a hundred millimeters predicted to
fall in some parts of the state most of
the agricultural parts of the state
about 20 to 60 millimeters Adelaide
maybe will be around to say 20 to 30
perhaps but certainly it still is
possible to get 20 to 60 homes on Mary
Street have barely dried out from
February's freak storm when an
overflowing dam submerged properties
causing tens of thousands of dollars
damaged port road also inundated by the
biggest downpour in 45 years 16 houses
were their flaws with 14 inches of water
inside and now half the houses look like
shells like a bomb hit and terrible it's
heart-wrenching actually you can see all
your personal belongings just basically
the local council criticized for acting
too late today lined fences with plastic
to prevent water from seeping through
of making some improvements to the
detention basin but is distributed some
sandbags that the residents can use if
need be I'm happy but I have to keep
constantly ringing them to get stuff to
happen and that's not good enough
Virginia Langer Berg 9 News